component-lib/README.md, before:

# Telia Styleguide - React component library

This is a React component library of the Atomic Design components found in the Telia Styleguide.

- The styleguide can be [found on the web](https://styleguide.channelapi.telia.no/).
- The React component library can be [found on NPM as a JavaScript module](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@telia/styleguide).

# Development

## Getting started

- Install dependencies: `npm install`
- Build the library: `npm run build`

## Add new icons

- Copy the new icons into the folder `component-lib/assets/icons/dropHereNewIcons`
- Build the library: (from component-lib) `npm run icons`
- Note that the original icons where _optimized and moved_ from the _drop here_ folder.
The files which couldn't be processed successfully remain in the _drop folder_
- Check that the new optimized version of the icons look as expected in _styleguide-web_.
(Go up to the main folder, `npm run build`, `npm run start` and check [http://localhost:3000/#/image-assets](http://localhost:3000/#/image-assets) )
- Commit the changes to git

## To publish locally
- Local test: `npm run publish:local-test`

## Usage

- In your project import styles `import '@telia/styleguide/dist/index.css';`
- Then import components `import { Button } from '@telia/styleguide';`

# Other

## Versioning

Notify all "breaking changes" or major changes in the #styleguide Slack Channel and update VERSIONS.md.

Commit message:

Add a new dist/components.css file containing only component styles (#658)

component-lib/README.md, after:

# Telia Styleguide - React component library

This is a React component library of the Atomic Design components found in the Telia Styleguide.

- The styleguide can be [found on the web](https://styleguide.channelapi.telia.no/).
- The React component library can be [found on NPM as a JavaScript module](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@telia/styleguide).

# Development

## Getting started

- Install dependencies: `npm install`
- Build the library: `npm run build`

## Add new icons

- Copy the new icons into the folder `component-lib/assets/icons/dropHereNewIcons`
- Build the library: (from component-lib) `npm run icons`
- Note that the original icons where _optimized and moved_ from the _drop here_ folder.
The files which couldn't be processed successfully remain in the _drop folder_
- Check that the new optimized version of the icons look as expected in _styleguide-web_.
(Go up to the main folder, `npm run build`, `npm run start` and check [http://localhost:3000/#/image-assets](http://localhost:3000/#/image-assets) )
- Commit the changes to git

## To publish locally
- Local test: `npm run publish:local-test`

## Usage

- In your project import styles `import '@telia/styleguide/dist/index.css';`. You can also import `@telia/styleguide/dist/components.css` instead, if you only want the components CSS and not the global styles.
- Then import components `import { Button } from '@telia/styleguide';`

# Other

## Versioning

Notify all "breaking changes" or major changes in the #styleguide Slack Channel and update VERSIONS.md.
